[Music]
welcome back to let's play out here
sophie my name is karsten
what i want to do next i want to make
some of the more some more of the things
that we haven't made yet
[Music]
[Applause]
let's make one of these easy enough
and we'll do quality up i guess and
maybe
hp enhance those are yellow what do we
have here that's yellow
probably nothing but the gold thread
so i don't wanna necessarily use up on
these
maybe
i'm mostly making this to make it
[Applause]
i'll do that one i guess and maybe
you own them
is this really okay which cauldron is
best
okay then let's start
yeah this is going great all right
this is going well
this is great
yeah this is going great
is this really okay
all right now
what trait is this okay
um
sure is this okay okay
it's finished
what material should i use it's a little
30. i want to get
i should get sort these by level that's
high level but it uses some
a bunch of stuff that one's really nice
but
i don't know if i necessarily want to
make more these i haven't made
our fuel medicine material and
[Music]
neutralizer
a bunch of stuff needs these little 27.
[Music]
what else can i make this high level
elixir base
spirit tiers are high level
[Applause]
ceiling book i need a pendle groom
i might just go and grab another
little 35
i could make a mystery elixir
let's see what do we have here
not sure it's worth putting single bonus
on there because
it may i'm not sure if this is aoe or
not
don't count compress on there
i guess this is probably our best bet
now that's white so ideally i want to
use white colored things
dragon scales are
[Music]
number of targets times 10
that one may be good
[Music]
any of these others that are white
colored
don't necessarily want to use
um
[Music]
[Applause]
decisions i guess i'll throw that one on
there
just to keep the uh oh i don't have
white i don't think there's a white
neutralizer anyway
so i think i may be best off sticking
with red
i'll sort by category value here
do that one
and that one now we do have
red of these right somewhere yeah we
have these
i guess there
is this really okay which cauldron that
is
not a great layout okay then let's start
[Music]
that is a particularly bad layout
in fact
i guess that's gonna be our best bet
there's going great
hmm
[Music]
maybe that all right this is going well
now let's see
i'm gonna be overriding a bunch of stuff
here which is really annoying
[Music]
this is great
yeah this is going great no it's not
really going great but
you just keep thinking that sophie
[Music]
maybe if we put this there
all right this is going well
[Music]
all right this is going well and then
there
is this really okay
now because i don't want
auto activate so i actually want to do
[Music]
yeah this is going great
all right this is going well
[Applause]
maybe followed by that
this goes here
okay it's not perfect but it's not auto
activate
we have some decent effects on there
[Applause]
all right
that one's good that one's really good
um
[Music]
i think full of life big recovery
use count plus two is this okay
[Music]
okay it's finished that gets us
27 of hitting next level
[Music]
what else can we make that's higher
level that we want
[Music]
i could go ahead and make that
i think i will then i'll register it
before i turn it in
what material should i use
let's see maybe
[Music]
uh maybe recovery up i guess
and well those are the good ones
um
i'll grab a use count plus two those
well
there's some other good stuff on there
i'm not sure i want to use that
[Applause]
there's not a lot else here
maybe that one
and that i guess
[Music]
[Applause]
critical and
fixed recovery i guess which cauldron is
bad
okay then let's start
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah this is going great
[Music]
so that'll go there
yeah this is going great
[Applause]
and if we put
not there if we put this
one
here yeah this is going great
no
that there all right this is going well
all right this is going well
[Music]
is this really okay
sure okay
it's time what traits should i add
[Music]
i'll do uh critical
fix recovery and fix recovery plus plus
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah and we can make a philosopher's
stone
[Music]
whoa
okay let's
no i can't register that yet but i do
want to register it before we turn it in
just to make sure
[Music]
i want to make that philosopher's stone
thingy
because interesting
you need to buy them another crimson
straw five fill your ash
okay i can do that what kind of stuff
should i make
what's the cheapest thing to make
maybe burg medicine or
neutralizer g
[Music]
okay so we're gonna sort by quality
now let's sort by
value i guess
now let's sort by obtained maybe
[Music]
[Applause]
you let's see
you and you
and you and you now what we will do
is we will do this in the expert
cauldron
[Applause]
okay i'll try it and we're just gonna
sit here
[Music]
[Applause]
because if we wait here
then that should give us a failure ash
[Music]
new
it's gonna be five minutes of waiting i
uh
let's make sure this works once and then
i may just do the rest off screen
oh i made four of them awesome
how's this cool
let's uh let's do that again what
material should i choose what do we have
that's garbage
well maybe one of those yeah we're gonna
use that probably
will this go wow which cauldron and
we'll uh
okay i'll try it
[Applause]
we'll wait another minute and that
should give us probably four more it's
probably one for each of the materials
i don't know if i have to have one in
order to get the ash or not
all right this looks great
[Music]
oh this reaction is interesting
i guess i won't bother skipping this
because
it goes pretty quick only two minutes of
waiting here
i will have to go and buy another one of
those uh
[Applause]
stones that i made but i'm glad i
registered it
it's expensive but well worth it
[Music]
what traits should i add how's this cool
now we just need to go and get
another crimson stone
and the level decrease but that's okay
99 hours
wow
let's wait until daytime
head over here
[Music]
hey corey got some stuff i need to do
we're gonna buy
a crimson stone
just one right now because it's freaking
expensive
[Music]
and
let's see we can replace
yeah we'll replace the add all cloth i
guess
or the spruce we're gonna replace the
spruce
that one i need to remember to equip too
[Music]
this
so we can turn that one in
[Music]
oh well we're thinking of it before i
forget
[Music]
um can anyone else use this i hope
someone else can use the
probably not
um i guess i'll get rid of wonder
stimulant
yeah of course only sophie can use it
[Music]
because i don't want to get rid of the
pre-res i don't want to get rid of
well i could yeah i'll swap that out for
that flute so we have some aoe from her
[Music]
yeah we'll go with that i guess
now let's turn in the fire dragon
medicine here
[Music]
welcome
thank you sophie you really helped me
here's your reward
thousand call
right could you wait for just a minute
oh sure
i'm very sorry it won't be long
thank you for waiting here you go what's
this
it simply doesn't contain the main
component of alcohol
in other words it has the same flavor
but it won't get you drunk or anything
like that
in that regard it isn't really an
alcoholic drink at all it's just a
normal drink
huh i've been thinking about a drink
that i could serve to customers who
can't consume alcohol
it's finally complete go ahead you can
have the first glass
is it really okay to drink it yes i
don't mind there shouldn't be a problem
hey thank you very much here goes
look it's bitter it seems it's too soon
for you to appreciate the flavor
but it's just bitter and nothing else
that's how it should be
you'll understand when you're older i
don't know
i think i'll pass on this for a while
[Music]
yeah personally i don't drink much
alcohol and when i do i
actually do prefer the sweeter
drinks um not like super sweet but
[Music]
like um
something like ramen mint and stuff like
that but i don't drink very much anyway
let's see let's go back to the atlear
i want to make that philosopher's stone
thingy because it's really expensive and
i want to see
and i mean look at the wow
um
[Applause]
is that philly rash colored
it's white of course it's white well
that obviously
[Music]
these are gonna be
the same now
[Music]
uh i guess goodbye encyclopedia here
and we want red things
[Music]
[Applause]
maybe uh
[Music]
that do we have red things here
i hope we have read things here
i'm gonna be upset if we don't have any
okay good we can use
one of these is this good what's
called we're gonna go back to the fairy
cauldron
okay let's start and what we're gonna do
[Music]
is we are going to yeah
this looks good try to
yeah this looks good let's see what
shape is that going to be in okay
this material is right here i'll use
this here
[Music]
now what we want to do
we're going to turn all those red i'll
use this here
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah this looks good
[Music]
change color yellow interesting
[Applause]
um sure i guess
i guess the different things they give
it different colors
yellow is probably more useful than
white
[Music]
wow what traits to transfer
okay
that is annoying
[Music]
okay um
is this okay okay i think i know what i
did wrong
[Applause]
let's go over here
i need to go to hell with everything
else and boost quality
[Music]
so um
give me another thank you
actually don't i have any requests i
need to turn while i'm here
um
i should double check that
[Music]
no which request will you accept
no
[Music]
no no
i'll see
[Music]
okay okay we should
we're gonna try this again i'm gonna pay
attention
to the quality
i'm gonna sort by quality
[Music]
[Applause]
but if i
no it is not
i need to uh
treats
[Music]
[Applause]
and will this help
uh filter quality up complete
[Applause]
no um
oh i know
[Music]
what material should i use we're gonna
do here
and this is and we'll give us the best
one necessarily
but
it should help um
need more white uh
[Music]
is this really okay
yeah is this really okay which cauldron
is best
okay then so what we're gonna do
[Music]
is yeah we'll start with this one
yeah this is going great
put that there i guess all right
[Music]
[Applause]
there yeah this is going great
[Music]
put this one here
all right this is going well and there
yeah this is going great
and there yeah this is going great
and i guess there
no
yeah this is going great
that us to eight it's 13.
[Music]
let's
all see this is going well
[Applause]
[Music]
i'm trying to figure out if there's some
way
that i can get this to
all right this is going well
yeah this is going great 38
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah this is going great
now does it matter at all where i put
this
this is great
no so what i need to do is i need to max
out
[Music]
see now this though that gets to four
seven so i do need to max that out
now let's see for this
[Music]
instead of that do i have any that are
different shapes
that one maybe
and for here we'll go back to where is
it
[Music]
that one is this really okay
which cauldron is best okay then
let's start
okay now what i really do want to do
which cauldron is best
i really do want to maximize the
no is this really okay
[Music]
i actually do want to maximize the size
here
especially for that first one now here
and we'll do that which cauldron is best
okay then let's start
yeah this is going great
and we'll do
[Music]
hmm
let's see if i put it
[Music]
here yeah this is going great
and then there all right this is going
well
that one there and
no maybe
there yeah this is going great
and
okay yeah this is going great
so erasing them does cause a
big difference so we put that one there
[Music]
[Applause]
all right this is going well
14. it's really okay very close
so if i sort by size
[Applause]
is this really okay
that is the best there
if we go up here
what are the highest size ones that are
white materials
[Music]
these might be easier to deal with
yeah this is going great
now if we put this one
here yeah this is going great
and there all right this is going where
yeah this is going great 66
please 14.
[Music]
can i really not get that just a little
bit higher
[Music]
which cauldron is best
maybe tuned okay then
let's start
[Applause]
[Music]
all right this is going well
[Applause]
yeah this is going great
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see i put it there
all right this is going well
this is great all right
no failures rotate display two panel six
six there we go no failures is what i
needed for that philosopher's stone
[Music]
so now what kind of stuff should i make
we can make that thing
to hell with zero quality we're going
full-on
we're gonna make it
it doesn't matter
um yeah i don't think it really matters
what we do here at this point
i will use the red materials anyway uh
actually
let's go ahead and go
see if we can boost up that quality
and after the fact
[Applause]
[Music]
quality up
and we'll use
yeah we use that one will this go well
now we are going to use grandma's
cauldron because we cannot fail
[Music]
with that okay i'll try it
it's going great and we'll put that one
there it's going great
[Applause]
wow this looks kind of amazing
[Music]
okay
and let's see can we now that'll
overwrite what we want there
all right this looks great
uh let's see can we get that red one
there without messing up
[Music]
anything else let's see if we put that
one
there all right this looks great
all right not perfect but
but i will take it i feel like something
great will happen
[Music]
yeah it's not going to fail this time
darn it
oh it's pretty
what traits should i treat super quality
um yeah that didn't do anything uh
i just want to make it darn it
[Music]
fifty percent of zero is still zero i
guess plus fifty percent
uh we'll do a few and mini bonus and
[Music]
[Applause]
maybe
stable effect plus plus sure
is this really okay all right
it's done there i made it
it's zero quality but i made it
it's done oh i'm tired
i want to become candy
i want to become a bomb
huh was someone talking
i want to help people they want to
become
medicine what i heard it again
the only person around is placta
hey plocta yes
what is it i thought i heard a strange
voice just now
were you talking no i haven't said a
word
and i don't think i heard anything
huh it's weird i could have sworn i
heard somebody
maybe you're just tired sophie
[Music]
maybe that seems most likely
you should get some rest
hmm was i really just hearing things
i'm kind of curious now
well that's cool no
special in-game ability for it but
that's cool
all right well with that i'll go ahead
and end it here
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie my name is carsten
so we have
not a whole lot else to do i think now i
want to check here
our uh
material no synthesis
yeah that's kind of neat i mean that'll
help out
i wonder if i can duplicate that i mean
it's not exactly
super high quality but if i can
duplicate
that then i can basically get just about
any attribute if i force it on there
now harmonium
is that anywhere in any of these
[Music]
[Applause]
you make natural yeast with sunny scent
that should give me the idea above it
[Music]
a noble sapphire with ancient seal
let's try that
it's a noble sapphire
i need to make some alchemic clay what
materials to use
the question is does this have
yeah that's ancient seal the ancient
tablets so i just need to make some
alchemic clay
actually first i want to go here i want
to see
if i can register the philosopher's
stone
because if i i can then um
it ain't that great but i'll take it you
[Music]
know
i'll grab a few of these
[Music]
yeah three is fine
yes i can i can register failure ash
that's a little pointless
but uh i see
so you'll register this thank you
yep are you really okay with this
yep okay
let's see 1164 okay
all right so that will just by
the nature of the categories it has
that will help out with a lot of stuff
[Music]
okay
so let's go back to the atlear
[Music]
and we need to make
some alchemic clay materials
which is easy enough
[Applause]
not really too concerned about what we
use here
[Music]
i think i can even do this uh
[Applause]
we'll do a couple of those
maybe now that one's pretty generic
we'll do that
[Music]
[Applause]
with that and
that's good which cauldron should i use
we'll go back to
our fairy cauldron
because that's normally what we want
let's start
yeah good yeah we'll just kind of throw
these on here
because this one i don't think matters
yeah good only thing it matters for
is i did find out it looks like it
affects
quality the more of those
we have on it the more quality goes up
all right but other than that it doesn't
matter what traits to transfer
i'll go ahead and throw ancient seal on
there and
maybe
um sure
okay it doesn't matter
now we'll go to
noble sapphire
let's see do that one and that
and we got some generic water to throw
in there okay then
let's start
i guess uh
let's this start with well i think
something good will happen
yeah this is going great yeah this is
going great
there we go
[Music]
[Applause]
magical slayer on there just for the
heck of it yeah that's fine
[Music]
chronicle mark
now does that tell me what the next
thing over
is
fair height trait high class
from adult cloth
[Music]
so if we look in here under traits
high price and high price plus
and that was on at all cloth right
yeah i'm just trying to unlock all these
or at least
see what we need you see what the name
of it is because that one next one over
i can't even see what the name of it is
and i'm wondering if that's that
[Music]
higher end ingot thing so auto cloth
with high
class that was
was that high price and high price plus
maybe i should have wrote that down or
something
[Music]
no not effects traits
[Applause]
high price and high price plus
[Music]
sure we can do that what to make
[Applause]
a little cloth here we go what materials
to use
and let's see do we have either of those
here
[Music]
[Applause]
doesn't look like it
how about over here
[Applause]
that's high price plus plus what
materials to use
[Music]
high price actually let's look over here
and see what we have
because we can do either one of those
from the plant
okay so the high price plus there
and trade high price
and we'll just throw on
that
[Music]
yeah that's fine okay let's start
any of these have diagonal
not really this isn't bad
so that's what happens and we'll put
that one there i guess
that's what happens
maybe there
and there that's what happens and there
is this all right i'll finish it now
[Music]
since that's a armor material
might need to make some of that
but let's see did that unlock anything
interesting in the next one over
god's gift investigating silent bedroom
and sun moon more
lightning crystal
did i get all these
i think those are event items
so next up
[Music]
oh from spirit crystal
where do i get spirit crystal is that
something that i can make
[Music]
um
insert by name okay
[Music]
our soil
spirits
no
don't see spirit crystal not sure where
that is unless
it's a recipe idea let's see do any of
these say spirit crystal
[Music]
no
well that's annoying so i know what that
is i know
kind of what i need but i don't know
where spirit crystal is
[Applause]
[Music]
so what i need to do is i need to go to
moon
sun more and investigate something
where do you intend to go next one some
more is over this way right
[Music]
and it was
what's it this thing yeah
silent bedroom
[Music]
so that would be in the indoor area
that doesn't look like a bedroom
[Music]
these do not look like bedrooms maybe
it's over the end
over here
[Music]
that's a
alter it looks like
i got something from it is that what i
was looking for
yeah guess it is
that didn't look like a bedroom but okay
if you say so
[Music]
uh
oh i know what else i want to do while
i'm wandering about
[Music]
when i head back to the map
and let's see
don't mind me i want to go over to
that place that pamela told us about
that said we need something that
manipulates time
well we got something that manipulates
time
kind of that accessory
i wonder if having that does something
here
oh i did trade out the uh
[Music]
uh the what's its um
that fertilizer thing
[Music]
i can't even oh there we can jump down
okay
[Music]
i wonder if i can jump up there
nope can't jump back up
[Music]
all right let's go in here
some of those things
[Music]
let's look around and see if we spot
anything interesting
[Music]
and i know we were in here before a
while ago
[Music]
and we do it on space yeah we're doing
okay
[Music]
i was in here but then ran away
[Applause]
[Music]
we're up to max on the quality here
what's in here
yeah let's see how tough are you right
now
oh yeah that's not bad what do you have
okay we do have that
i want to see okay that is single target
good to know
[Music]
let's attack the one that says warning
i really need to do something about
sophie's lack of
hp and defense seriously
uh let's use this
um on the off chance
let's use that on plotter
[Applause]
man that's a lot of healing moving my
[Music]
body
that's interesting
[Music]
these are uh not
overly impressive why can't i go over
there oh hello let's end this quickly
okay so we'll use this again
and we'll go ahead and just uh hit
everything
[Music]
since we're probably gonna be heading
back right after this
[Music]
that wasn't easy okay let's continue
it's a good chunk of bonus xp
basket is full need to discard two items
[Music]
um
darn it i knew i should have sent some
back earlier
what's yeah that's crap honestly um
that's crap also
[Music]
turn it uh
can i oh okay
i was hoping i could uh
cancel out and reopen it but i guess not
oh well
[Music]
i should have done that earlier all
right excuse me guys
i was hoping there was something i could
like look at here
to get an idea or something
[Music]
but i guess it's just material gathering
no ideas or anything here
[Music]
so i'm not certain what she was talking
about with that hole
i don't want to manipulate time or
whatever
oh hello
[Music]
it's raining
now those aren't particularly impressive
[Music]
i guess i'll just finish grabbing these
and then head back
[Music]
and i'm already full again
you know what to heck with it we'll just
drop those
and head back
i did
[Music]
god's gift
interesting it's a bomb
[Music]
what does it take to make it what should
i make
i should be level 47. it's noble
sapphire evil core
bomb and metal interesting
should make the flame of origin too
[Applause]
what's uh pamela doing out here
[Music]
[Applause]
and can we get restocked
[Music]
i could buy another one of those
buy more of those
i'm gonna grab another one of these
thank you
[Music]
oh i should check um
status a little 45
45 you're at 75
you're at 100 and you're at 100. so you
two
i don't need in my party anymore except
for specific circumstances
you in theory i don't need my party but
you're awesome
so i'm gonna leave you in my party
i might swap out oscar for harold but
no not right now let's
maybe in here oh
we have a conversation going on
[Music]
thank you that was delicious i'm glad
you liked it
hello ah sophie
welcome boy hello there
oh pamela it's unusual to see you in the
cafe
i came here for a little break
and to see horse and tess
i don't really go to church that often
it's hard to find the time when i'm
running my shop
just drop by when you can you're always
welcome
thanks anyway
i should go back to my work see you all
[Music]
again
sure does work a lot yes she's always
thinking about the people at church
i'm glad that she was able to take even
a short break
[Music]
yeah but you shouldn't overwork yourself
either meister
you should take a break once in a while
too
you may be right perhaps i'll visit the
church for a change
[Music]
okay
thank you very much please come again
tess hey sophie what's up
not much i just dropped by
i see that's fine you should have a bite
to eat meister sophie's here
tess you're really amazing amazing why
are you saying this all of a sudden
you won't get much out of complimenting
me i was just thinking about how you're
always cheerfully serving customers
oh that i'm always cheerful and serious
about my work
i'm not this shop's poster girl for
nothing
wow you're so confident i wonder if mr
horseshop is doing so well thanks to you
you say some good things
[Music]
nice dude did you hear that just now yes
i heard it
if you did then maybe you could give me
just a little
tiny raise i admit that your influence
has increased sales
but that's a different story darn it
wait are you not satisfied with your
current wage tests
no that's not what i meant i'm actually
doing pretty well
but i have my own dream too it never
hurts to have
more money your dream huh what is it
[Music]
listen and be amazed my dream is to open
my very own shop
i'll make a big shop and my whole family
will work there
wow that sounds like fun it's a
wonderful dream
right right that means in the future
you'd be a competitor of mine
god now that you mention it that's true
but i won't lose even if
it's against you my sir yes i have no
intention of losing either
i'll look forward to when the time comes
they both seem to be having fun this is
really nice
anything else welcome to tessa's shop
nope
um i want to find a place to get these
it's gonna know i can get dragon skills
if i need them but
um
[Music]
which request will you accept
let's see now
um
no
oh it's just beating a bunch of these up
[Music]
no welcome how about rumors do you wish
to hear
[Music]
hmm let's
is that rumor okay this
is that rumor okay thank you
silent bedroom
okay i know where that is i was just
there
we'll give it a try real quick
right where to
[Music]
worst that happens is we die horribly
in here
[Music]
and let's see over this way
down here
[Music]
avoid you and there you are
all right let's take these guys out
quick you are
searching titus 1966
okay no messing around
angels whisper right off the bat
now
[Music]
um
increases damage taken by the enemy
increases base damage and you're going
to be spamming squall shot
i think
i'll do spirit weave clock and then spam
scroll shot
[Music]
okay
uh that goes on blocked right away
we're gonna spam that
reduce attack power and now we're going
to start spamming squall shot
here
all right take this
[Music]
at least we're doing a lot of
uh damage uh oh that don't sound good
we are doing a good amount of damage
though
um
just to be sure
[Music]
this isn't good
and we'll do that
[Music]
here uh-oh
that no heel was worrying i'm glad we
took it out that turn
no is that a new thing
forgotten wood
interesting
but for right now we're gonna head back
[Music]
all right i think that is
all we will do for now
i hope you enjoyed thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
it's forgotten wood interesting
and the harmonium
interesting
this needs the crimson stone and the
forgotten
part interesting i
am in the harmonium
i'm kind of tempted to make that
but that's interesting that it's from
those so
kind of limited in making those hmm
oh that needs a forgotten part too
and those are from those rumor monsters
uh maybe i should be checking those out
[Music]
hmm that's not a bad idea really all
right
however if you were to actually do it
you would need to select ingredients
carefully
i guess it won't be that easy
hello oh
sophie welcome welcome sophie
um what were you two talking about
uh you know how i talked to you about
medicine before
medicine you mean the sweet medicine
yeah that gave me a hint i started
thinking
there are people who can't eat anything
they want because of illness or other
conditions right i thought it would be
great if i could come up with some
dishes with ingredients that anyone
could eat
i see food that anyone can eat huh that
sounds wonderful
i know right tess was asking me about
such
toast was asking me about such dishes
yep it would be possible now but
it wouldn't be possible now but someday
i hope we can serve it here
i'm sure you can do it tess
i'll have you taste it when it's ready
just you wait
okay i'll be looking forward to it
welcome thank you request
though
no i can do that
yeah that's fine thank you very much
[Music]
so let's see that takes those i have
plenty
magic page
[Music]
um
two crystal balls with high price angels
with reuse count minus one infested with
low price
hmm
i got 60 days and i can go beat up some
of those things that's
kind of tempting
and that i can easily do
[Music]
let's see
uh
[Music]
[Applause]
and
there and maybe
that one
thank you
welcome
[Music]
i might be able to take that on with
some of my healing stuff
now especially that auto one
it's kind of tempting
[Music]
let's just i think you clear that up
might want to get that
[Music]
welcome not right now though i'm gonna
do right now
is go back to the atlear
[Music]
[Applause]
and not there
go to events
[Music]
bring mineral extract to oscar
mineral extract huh do i have that
already well i'll just make some
because i don't think i have much
there we go what materials to use
i need to make more neutralizers
[Applause]
need to make a lot more neutralizers
but probably wait until i find out which
ones i need and what i need them for
just have to keep in mind that i am
running a little low on them
which cauldron should i use okay let's
start
yeah it doesn't really matter here yeah
this looks good
other than for quality i have to
remember that
does help out with quality yeah
this looks good
[Music]
this is good there we go
is this good all right i'll finish it
now
[Music]
now we'll go back
to the streets hand that over
are there more people than usual over
here
how's this yeah this should work thanks
sophie
all right mom i'm gonna go hand this out
to all the farmers
hey wait you could have gone after we
closed the store
anyway ignoring him thank you sophie he
really helped us
it was nothing i just hope the quality
of the vegetables returns to normal
it's wrong i was just thinking about how
you seem to believe oscar
about how he says he can hear the voices
of plants
he's my own boy i would know in an
instant if he was lying or not
i can't hear them myself but if he says
he can hear them
then i'm sure they're talking also for
all these years anything he says that's
related to plants
has never been wrong yeah you're right
anyway anyway thank you again we'll let
you know if we see any results
okay i look forward to it
[Music]
all right now who just down here that
isn't
normally
monica where is she
[Music]
nope
where's the no i was confused on where
oh yeah it's right here
nope guess it is the cafe
yep
thank you very much this really helps
it's not a problem at all
thank you for your purchase
oh it's monica
hello sophie welcome sophie
why are you here i had mr horse make me
some cookies
it's a wide assortment of cookies for
the children to come to church
wow that sounds tasty
no sophie these are for the children not
you
that's not what i meant you make it
sound like in some sort of glutton
it's true that you aren't much of a
glutton unlike oscar
right but you still really like eating a
lot don't you
i don't know about that sophie's healthy
appetite brings a smile to my face
mr horse too can you see anyway i'll get
going now
okay see you later
oh dear that's right it's actually in
the middle of preparations
i had a reservation for a large group of
people
oh you did do your best yes thank you
all right
[Music]
let's just talk to her one more time
here
[Music]
where is she
nope okay let's go to the world map i
want to see something
what's our destination but i want to
check
is
i want to see if we go in here
[Music]
probably should have saved first i want
to just kind of peek in here
real quick see what happens
[Music]
wow there's so many books
it's been 500 years since i last came
[Music]
here
what's going on it's likely that the
ward is using ablation alchemy
in other words there's no mistake that
luard is here
yeah then let's go see him plata
well we certainly have some awesome
music here
[Music]
um
i don't want to end up triggering
well i don't have anything here
[Music]
oh we have a all right let's take these
guys out quick
uh mid-boss type thing why spirit
well let's see what happens
i'm gonna open with that brave soul
skyfall shovel and
spirit leaf cloth here use this
[Music]
that's not much damage
okay
[Music]
yeah we'll do that high break
reduce attack power
and we will
i will do that to work i'm taking more
damage from fire right
here i go
[Applause]
[Music]
leave it to me
maintaining the often
[Music]
well that did do a lot of damage oh well
yeah it's dead
okay that's easy
and we did it it's a big win for us
nice chunk of money
[Music]
yeah lp increase recovery up
yeah nice but not outstanding
[Music]
that however is worth using this to make
sure that it gets home
[Music]
i'm gonna try let's see moonlight
bookshelf
moonlight bookshelf sunlight bookshelf
sunlight bookshelf alright let's try
here
okay um
we have some enemies and we have some
items whoops
these are tricksters right yeah i
don't want to reality right now
i just want to
okay so i should be able to get
some items here
[Music]
oops please be careful this will be a
tough battle
um we're gonna run
[Music]
we will use this to send all those back
and we'll check out this side
[Music]
oh hello
run run run run
[Music]
and we'll just grab these
uh there's one over here yes
and what is this called
ever changing stars that sounds
more final um and they both go up that
way
[Music]
so i am not going to go there
we'll head back
i did
anyone in any unusual spots
oscar is sometimes there in the mornings
right
i think so hmm what to make
[Applause]
[Music]
what can i make that i haven't made yet
that i'm not
too different on
heroes medicine
let's see
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah i think
chronicle mark
[Music]
what was it that i needed to i just
thought that there was something i need
oh yeah
i'm gonna check the cafe and check for
any
hello mr horst welcome sophie
hey mr horse this shop is open both day
and night right
yes why do you ask so you're working
here both day and night too
yes this is my shop after all
then when do you sleep when
whenever i have time i suppose does that
mean you aren't sleeping much
i get plenty of sleep really
yes i've been working here for a long
time when you get used to it
you can get by on short naps that's
pretty amazing
there's nothing amazing about it my
life's rhythm is simply in such a cycle
more importantly sophie are you sleeping
properly
sometimes i get really into alchemy and
stay up late at night
that's not good you need to make sure
you go to bed and get enough rest
okay
yeah whatever well i almost never sleep
thank you for coming sophie
what rumor do you wish to hear
uh a book that steals some brutal i
could make fight the boodle dragon again
[Music]
and i could do that
well i'll but i think for right now
i'm just going to go back to the atlear
[Music]
grab some water
and i think we will end it for now
i hope you enjoyed thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play alley or
sophie my name is karsten
i did a very quick off-screen test
and what i found i i didn't save
afterwards
uh but what i found is that it looks
like this
is multi-target and this is single
target
so i'm gonna make one of these
and that one may be better for bosses
once i get up a few more alchemy levels
this
is probably going to be your best bet
right now
i might want to make a nice noble
sapphire with some good
good things for
for aoe stuff
but we'll see um
[Applause]
materials now i wasn't paying too much
attention before
actually what i might want to do is i
might want to make a better pony missile
because that's blue i don't think there
are any
good blue metals here
but i i think i might just grab
something just for stats on that
[Music]
so
i think i'll have critical on here
let's see which bomb will we do i think
effective versus many
do you have a few of the effective
versus mini right
no i only have one of those
these are the best ones right now
[Music]
and those are level let's see what about
this
the ice bomb
if we uh unequip that you can tell i
didn't do this off screen
uh that is a blue item
so if we unequip the ice bomb what to
make
and we look into making one of these
that is level 25
[Applause]
[Music]
which is better than the uh
the puny missile so i might want to
make one of those that's good
[Music]
i think i will make some neutralizer b
what materials to use
let's sort by quality
i think i'll use some of these
[Music]
and what we want if we happen to see any
what do we have here that's not going to
matter
that's not something we necessarily want
to use up on this
and we have two there that are
essentially identical
um area bonus plus
i wonder if we can combine multi bonus
with anything else if we have any i
wonder do we have anything here that has
multi bonus
[Music]
[Applause]
pre-bonus effective versus many
[Music]
so if we do critical plus plus
and
[Music]
if we filter maybe just by critical
go ahead and get that in there
yeah we'll add that one in
[Music]
[Applause]
and we'll include one of these
[Music]
and
if we filter by maybe
[Music]
let's see is that is that a combined
or
yeah let's see if we have that now none
of those are blue and i want to stick
with blue
because i want to see if we can get
those bonuses up
how about that
just that one doesn't increase that a
lot
is this good but we'll go ahead and give
that a try
we will want to use the fairy cauldron
okay let's start
[Music]
and we'll start with
uh let's start with that
this is good we will
proceed to do
[Music]
[Applause]
this yeah this looks good
this looks good and there
i think actually i think it's better to
go here
there we go is this good add poison
material neutralizer plus five there we
go
not bad all right i'll finish it now
good now what traits to transfer
[Applause]
oh i didn't realize that was in there
that's going to be interesting to have
on there
[Music]
oh we have plus plus and regular
um
let's do that
okay it's finished
so with those made
now if we were to make an ice bomb what
material should i use
[Music]
let's go ahead and sort these by quality
[Applause]
area bonus is
yeah we want effective versus mini and
multi bonus ideally
do we have any of those
we have effective versus many
[Music]
and
[Applause]
um
let's just go with uh
let's go with that one no
that's only nine uh we'll go with that
one
that is effective versus many so over
here
[Music]
those are worth 36 hmm
so if we do oh it's only going to have
one neutralizer in it
that one is higher quality
[Music]
that one gets us a bit more we'll go
with this one
now over here we have effective versus
many
and if we do filter here with trait
we want
i could put in stable effect plus but i
think what we actually end up
wanting did i skip past it
i think i skipped past no i didn't
[Applause]
area bonus and effective versus many now
over here we have
i should have checked this to begin with
area bonus area bonus plus an effective
versus many
and effective versus many is just both
of those right
[Music]
so we already have effective versus
winning
so do we have one of these that has a
critical plus
because maybe we can sneak that in there
um not going to give a lot of bonus
but that'll be okay
for this stage in it
[Music]
let's filter by
quality increasing things
[Music]
[Applause]
now only that red one
um we'll go with it really okay
which cauldron is not something i would
normally do
but this is just gonna be going into
another item anyway okay then
let's start
yeah this is good
all right this is going well
yeah let's see we'll put this one
all right they're going well
[Applause]
[Music]
and i guess
here no i think here may be your best
bet
right this is going well
and then there yeah
is this really okay all right i'll
finish it now
what traits to transfer so we want
increased quality
effective versus many
and maybe stability emphasis
okay saying wait no critical 50
chance to critical hit we'll do that
[Music]
that's interesting the uh
either there isn't a plus and a plus
plus for critical or
that just override the the uh
order of them but we'll do this for
right now
it's really not perfect there's i'm sure
other things you can do to really push
how powerful these are
[Music]
eat a snowflake crystal
okay
i'm sure that's in here somewhere there
we go what material should i use
okay we'll start by quality
[Music]
and that one probably
[Applause]
and
[Music]
[Applause]
we filter by that
go ahead and use that one
hmm
[Applause]
[Music]
i guess
[Applause]
[Music]
i guess that one really okay which
cauldron is best
okay then let's start
[Music]
so start by putting that one in well
and then i think
there right this is going well
i'm mainly doing this to get
[Music]
yeah this is going great let's see this
one
i think we'll go
yeah we'll just put it there yeah this
is going great
and then this here
[Music]
because the more things i have covered
the higher quality
what traits should i add we'll do pro
perfection to increase that quality
[Music]
uh let's see what else do we want in
[Applause]
there
um probably won't use that but we'll
throw it on there actually let's
throw in the plus plus critical and
[Applause]
[Music]
maybe
let's see low price
in case i end up wanting to duplicate it
though i think this only makes one i
don't think it really matters
for this how's this yeah
this is all done oh no it does make two
okay so in case i end up wanting to
duplicate with that extra one later
i can do that now
oh nope i can't because it takes two of
them
now for this
[Music]
effective versus many
and we want to filter this to
yeah all we have unless we want to throw
an area bonus
can we do that yeah we can do that
see if that combines into anything
useful
[Music]
let me include that one in there
[Applause]
and this one for the quality i think
[Music]
and one of these for the area that it
covers
will this go well now which cauldron
okay
i'll try it maybe i shouldn't have
all right this looks great start with
that
that one there
[Applause]
[Music]
let's see actually we won't start that
way
we will start with
[Music]
that this looks great
all right put that one there
[Music]
no we'll put this
one do i have any that are diagonal
no i don't
put that there this looks great
going great that one there
all right into there
[Music]
all right this looks great
have this down in the corner which makes
that one blue
and there we go will this go well
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah it's good what traits should i
transfer
so what we want we want effective versus
many
[Music]
i think that's
the main thing that i want there is
effective versus many
uh we can bring in other things later so
for this
we'll do pro perfection
and quality up is this really okay does
that
yeah that does really okay so we have a
quality 249
bomb that we're going to be
incorporating all right
it's done into our
god's gift
[Music]
what materials to use
these are basically the same
this one is marginally higher quality
[Music]
these i don't think there's any
difference on number
so that one is better higher number
higher area so we'll include that one
now this bomb we made
[Music]
has effective versus mini and we want
if we sort this by size because we don't
want
this to take up a lot of space
[Music]
maybe
so effective versus mini do we have
anything
useful on here
super quality but no
[Music]
[Applause]
these count plus one
and that's effective versus mini as well
[Applause]
[Music]
but what i saw on there that looks
interesting
is if we do destruction up and
destruction of
rejection instruction at plus and plus
plus
[Music]
[Applause]
will that give us anything useful
i'm hoping so
[Music]
now for here
what do we want to do we can do use
count plus
two
[Music]
and actually
we have destruction up plus on that so
if we take that out
use this for a destruction up plus
use that one that's slightly higher
quality now here
we will have a use count plus one there
was a use count plus one here right
[Music]
[Applause]
and we'll do that
not perfect
which cauldron should i use
[Applause]
but we will give it a try
[Music]